
Congratulations, your majesty. You have proven yourself worthy of being a ruler of this
kingdom. Kingdom Ryse would like to express its deepest gratitude and recognition to
you for maintaining the strength and stability of our empire. The entire council is proud
and satisfied with how you have handled the responsibilities of being a ruler for the first
60 days. Right now, Kingdom Ryse is in a great spot and can potentially be an even
more prominent empire in the future. All of this is made possible because of your
competence and proficiency as a leader of this kingdom.

The councilors, marshals, and royal enforcers of the kingdom would like to thank you for
how you have maintained the politics of our empire. You have displayed a level of
professionalism in terms of maintaining relations with other kingdoms. The generals and
spymasters would also like to thank you for the continuous support of the military of our
empire. You have shown a level of bravery and courageousness in protecting our
kingdom. The treasurers would also like to thank you for how you have granted and
budgeted the wealth and resources of the domain. The high priests also appreciate your
compliance and care for the geography and environment of our kingdom. Most
importantly, the people of Kingdom Ryse would like to express their most profound
appreciation for how you have maintained their welfare and well-being as individuals._
The Kingdom is in chaos. Your decisions have put the kingdom's welfare in disarray.
You displayed a level of ignorance of the people's health and happiness. The empire's
population is slowly declining as people migrate to other kingdoms. Many people are not
satisfied with how the council treated their welfare. At the same time, other people are
continuously suffering and dying from the issues you have brought to the kingdom.
Diseases, hunger, and poverty are some of the problems that you have failed to
address. As a result, your people are the ones suffering from the consequences. The
councilors and advisors of Kingdom Ryse have agreed to terminate your position as the
ruler of this kingdom._
The Kingdom's riches have officially run out due to the decisions you have made to
maintain this kingdom's wealth. Treasurer Candice and Muscala are in pure
disappointment as they expected a lot from you as the new ruler of this Kingdom. They
expected you to be responsible enough to sustain the riches of Kingdom Ryse.
However, you failed, and the economy is now considerably declining. Merchants,
traders, and a massive portion of the workforce have been leaving the kingdom and
migrating to other empires. The treasurers and councilors of Kingdom Ryse have
agreed to terminate your position as the ruler of this kingdom._
The military of Kingdom Ryse has fallen. According to General Douglas, the Kingdom is
defenseless from external threats. Our kingdom would not be able to compete against
opposing kingdoms. You have failed to support the military firepower and strength of our
empire. The army lacks equipment; most weapons and gears are outdated and
inadequate. There is also a lack of recruits, and most current troops lack training and
exercises because of the low-quality and inadequate military training facilities. Many
veterans have retired, and other soldiers have abandoned the army because of the lack
of support from the council. The generals and councilors of Kingdom Ryse have agreed
to terminate your position as the ruler of this kingdom._
The kingdom of Ryse received bad reputations towards other villages and kingdoms.
Rulers of neighboring kingdoms such as Aster and Krimula who were in bad terms
targeted Ryse instead and invaded as it would be an strategic advantage. No one was
willing to help your kingdom and it eventually became a battlefield. The lack of
relationship you established towards neighboring lands caused diversity instead of unity.
As history would go down, the kingdom of Ryse collapsed under the hands of foreign
invaders. Towers were raided, your subjects were executed, and the structure of
leadership in chaos. War consistently destroyed the utopia the citizens and you were
obliged to protect. You should have considered the company of others and together
achieved a better place for everyone to coexist._
Who could've taught that the kingdom that was once full of hardworking, flourishing, and
energetic people suddenly turned to a barren wasteland where life is  unable to thrive.
You reminisce the first time you have shown yourself to the people as its ruler with great
determinantion, are those people even alive at this point? You felt guilt and coldness as
you blame yourself towards the death of your subjects and the environment which you
are obliged to protect. You were unable to protect the lands and environment, and it
costed your home and people. If only you have taken more care of nature and focused
on long-term sustainability, then Ryse could have not suffered the outbursts of diseases
and plagues that eventually led to the extinction of the kingdom._