
The population growth of Ryse has been increasing. More people are migrating and 
repopulating. In fact, the growth of the kingdom's economy over the past years 
has attracted many people from neighboring empires. However, the kingdom is slowly 
running out of housing properties. Would you like to build more housing space
for your kingdom's people?_

As more people are migrating and repopulating, the population of children is 
also increasing exponentially. One of the Royal Enforcers, Christopher, 
announced that he would soon have his second child and advised that the 
kingdom's educational system should cover most children's population, if 
not all. Would you like to build more guilds and temples for the children?_

As the population grows, it is also important to provide the people with their 
needs and commodities and strengthen the kingdom's overall economy. Marshal Manix 
fears that there could be shortages in stockpiles and caches. Would you like to 
establish more trading shops for the people?_

Aside from establishing trading shops, many migrators are willing to negotiate and 
trade their goods with our people. The councilors and advisors of Kingdom Ryse 
concluded that these merchants could help boost our kingdom's economic growth and 
stability. Are you allowing more merchants to work around the kingdom?_

Various health risks are increasing as the population grows around the kingdom. Some 
of these deadly diseases have already affected General Luke's and Nikola's families. 
This issue can further worsen the welfare of more people if it is not addressed as 
soon as possible. Are you willing to build more hospitals for the people?_

The population of Ryse has been increasing for the past few months. The demand for 
new buildings such as inns, monasteries, and guilds is getting louder and louder as 
days go by. Increasing the housing would help give residents their own houses and 
accommodate merchants and travelers in the kingdom. The problem is that the kingdom 
lacks the needed workforce to keep up with the demands of the population for shelter.  
Would you sacrifice a portion of the kingdom's army to strengthen the workforce and 
speed up construction?_

During rainy seasons, some parts of the kingdom experience heavy flooding and overflow. 
Many people have complained about this environmental issue, as their livelihoods and 
homes are heavily affected. Advisor Udonis thinks the council should respond as soon 
as possible, or it could significantly impact people's welfare. Are you willing to 
sacrifice an amount of the kingdom's resources to fix the areas of the kingdom that 
are prone to flooding?_

As more inhabitants populate the kingdom, the unemployment rate is also increasing. 
As a result, the crime rate within the empire is also becoming concerning. This has 
struck fear in many residents that are living around the kingdom. General Luke suggests 
that the military should consider using a portion of their army to ensure temporary 
protection for the people while the council plans for a long-term solution. Would you 
accept this suggestion from one of your well-trusted Generals?_

During summer seasons, some parts of the kingdom experience heavy droughts and 
water shortages. Many people's livelihoods are affected by this concern, and it 
is also causing a rapid increase in health risks among the residents. Farmer 
Juanito suggests that the council should provide more water supplies during these 
seasons, as it would tremendously help compensate for the lack of rain and water 
downpours. Are you willing to use some of your excess resources to provide water 
supply to these areas during the summer seasons?_

Aside from physical health concerns, various mental problems among the residents 
are becoming more prevalent as time passes. These mental illnesses have mainly 
affected the children and young adolescents of the empire. As a result, their 
performances in their respective guilds have also been negatively affected. Advisor 
Udonis recommends that the council should establish more temples and monasteries 
for more healers and priests to help individuals with mental illness. Would you 
accept this recommendation from one of your advisors?_

Kingdom Malayan is rich in various resources, such as gold, silver, wood, food, etc. 
Spymaster Barnes has full details of these resources and thinks that overrunning their 
kingdom would help us gain the resources we need to augment the wealth and prosperity of 
our kingdom. Would you like to conquer their territory?_

Similar to our kingdom, other empires and domains are also rich in different resources. 
Spymaster Barnes thinks that vanquishing them might be a significant expense to our 
military, but it would help us gain more riches and resources for our kingdom. Would you 
like to conquer more territories?_

Treasurer Muscala plans for a better and more prosperous future for the Kingdom since he 
has noticed the increase in employment and workers around the empire. He believes that 
extracting more minerals and goods would tremendously help with the wealth of our kingdom. 
Are you willing to pump more gold?_

As the population of Kingdom Ryse increases, the demand for different products is 
also growing. Personal ornaments and cult objects, such as jewelry, tableware, 
figurines, and other items, are becoming more prevalent in the kingdom. However, 
a significant amount of silver minerals are needed to produce these products. Are 
you willing to extract more silver?_

Establishing housing space, monasteries, guilds, and other buildings have significantly 
cost many of the Kingdom's resources. One of the most common resources used in installing 
these infrastructures is wood. Would you like to increase the production of wood?_

Several councilors and advisors of Kingdom Ryse suggested that the empire should consider 
expanding the food source so more people could have access and more options for these 
resources. They think gathering food from aquatic sources would help with this objective. 
Are you willing to sail more ships for fishing purposes?_

Treasurer Candice was among the people who joined the fishermen in the ships used for 
fishing. While navigating the sea with the fishers, she discovered several islands that 
are good sources of oil. These oils can help Kingdom Ryse with its economy and military 
needs. Would you like to send workers to these islands to extract more oil for our empire?_

The councilors of Ryse have devised a plan to rapidly increase the kingdom's water supply 
and ensure the people's survival against the upcoming droughts. Although considering the 
impacts of the said plan, the council was bothered as it would involve bombing and digging 
holes around the territory which trades off the pristine condition of the place. As the 
kingdom's ruler, you are responsible for making the final decision. Would you permit the 
council to carry out its plan?_

As the kingdom expands its borders for more people and infrastructures, the supply of 
building materials, such as stones, is slowly decreasing. On the bright side, several 
travelers from our kingdom discovered nearby caves from our empire. Are you willing to 
send out workers to these caverns for stone mining?_

For the past few years, the population has been rising exponentially. The demand for 
food is also on an upward trend. Some of your advisors think that increasing the production 
of meat, which is the most common food source around the kingdom, would help solve this 
problem. Are you willing to permit them to implement this plan?_

Warden Gortat has received many complaints from many individuals that the supply of 
charcoal has been slowly declining. This mineral is essential for fuel supply, especially 
for blacksmiths that forge different tools and metal equipment. Are you willing to cut 
down a portion of the kingdom's forest to resupply charcoal to the people?_

As the economy and population of Kingdom Ryse further grow, the demand for heavy-duty 
equipment, such as iron tools, is also increasing. These tools are mostly made up of 
iron metals. However, the supply of iron is slowly declining as more tools are being 
created yearly. Are you willing to excavate and use some of the caverns around the 
kingdom to resupply iron?_

Kingdom Ryse is an empire filled with craftsmen. These people create different kinds 
of products that they could use for trade and marketing. Some of the most common products 
that these individuals create are adornments and cutting tools that are made up of minerals, 
such as diamonds. Are you willing to exploit some of the caverns around the kingdom to 
supply this mineral?_

A group of unknown bandits was able to escape our kingdom, carrying some of the stored 
riches and wealth of Kingdom Ryse. It was believed that our neighboring kingdom sent out 
these bandits to steal resources from our empire. Are you willing to set up a military 
operation to retrieve the stolen goods of our kingdom?_

Grand Diplomat Trevor has found out that Kingdom Malfoy is slowly overtaking our kingdom 
when it comes to riches and wealth. They have established different methods for increasing 
the production of their resources. Grand Diplomat Trevor came up with the idea of setting 
up a military operation to steal at least a portion of their resources and their methods 
of production. This action could potentially paint a bad image to the leaders and council 
of this kingdom, but it would exponentially increase the production of resources. Are you 
willing to accept Gran Diplomat Trevor's plan?_

Past battles and conflicts have cost a lot of military equipment. Most of the gears used 
by our army were severely damaged. General Luke requests to replenish the military 
equipment and gears in preparation for future conflicts and battles. Are you willing to 
spend our resources to buy more armor plates for your troops?_

Many veterans from the army have officially retired, and many young recruits are joining 
the military to serve Kingdom Ryse. The recruits entering the army are double the amount 
of the veterans retiring. General Nikola noticed that the current training exercises would 
not be able to hold up the total amount of trainees. Would you like to spend our riches 
and wealth to implement more training exercises?_

Military equipment, such as swords, has also been used and destroyed during the past 
battles our troops have encountered. General Luke requested support in the production 
of these military tools and equipment. Are you willing to use our resources to craft 
more swords for your forces?_

According to General Nikola, expanding our combat capability is significant for the 
growth of our military. Adding more range weapons, such as ranged bows, in our battles 
against external threats would help with this goal. Are you willing to craft more bows 
and arrows for your troops?_

Marshal Manix observed that some of our neighboring realms had fallen due to other 
external threats conquering their territory. He thinks that this indicates that our 
empire should be ready for any kind of external force that could threaten the state 
of our kingdom. Would you like to improve the defensive scheme of the kingdom?_

Upon inspection of military equipment and gears, General Douglas noticed that a huge 
portion of the army only wore leather boots during training and exercises. He thinks 
every troop should have at least a pair of medieval fighting boots since it is an 
added defense to their bodies during battles. Are you willing to spend some of your 
resources to provide more fighting boots for your army?_

One of your advisors, Loid, is convincing you to deploy an army that commander Gortac 
would lead to siege a tower from the Rival Kingdom of Malfoy. Based on the gathered intel, 
the tower that would be sieged houses enslaved people who are abused and held captive by 
the rival kingdom. Loid believes the tower contains abundant supplies of silk and people 
that can be converted to serve Ryse as fellow warriors. Would you follow the advice of 
your fellow advisor?_

According to General Luke, military equipment, such as armor plates, is getting outdated. 
He thinks that it is now the time to upgrade these military gears to further prepare the 
Kingdom for potential threats and conflicts that might transpire in the future. Would you 
like to upgrade the armor plates of our troops?_

Advisor Loid suggests that our army should further evolve into superior fighters as years 
pass by. He implies that upgrading the primary fighting tool, which is the sword, would 
tremendously help achieve this goal. Are you willing to upgrade the swords of your forces?_

During our recent siege from the Rival Kingdom of Malfoy, General Douglas noticed the 
lack of firepower from our ranged fighters. He thinks that our empire needs to upgrade 
the ranged tools of our army, which are the bow and crossbow. Would you like to spend 
some of our wealth and resources to upgrade the military's ranged weaponry?_

General Nikola plans for a better and stronger army in preparation for future external 
threats that may put our kingdom in danger. He thinks recruiting more troops and upgrading 
military equipment isn't enough to put the strength of our military on another level. He 
requested the council to provide them with enough resources to build artillery weapons to 
provide them more firepower during battles. Are you willing to accept this request by one 
of your Generals?_

As the military further upgrades and stores its equipment and weapons, the main 
headquarters of our army is running out of space. General Luke thinks that upgrading 
and renovating portions of the bases would solve this issue. It would also increase 
the quality of military telecommunications and coordination during battles. Would you 
like to use some of the kingdom's resources to reconstruct and upgrade the main headquarters 
of our military base?_

As more recruits join the army, the training and exercise spaces are slowly running out of 
room. According to General Douglas, most of the training camps of the military base can only 
house a limited number of troops per exercise. However, the significant increase in recruits 
has overloaded some of these training camps. As a result, they are decreasing the quality of 
training and conditioning for most troops. Are you willing to sacrifice a portion of our land 
and resources to expand these training camps of our military bases?_

During the Kingdom's recent battle against unknown invaders, many of our forces got severely 
injured and hurt in some exchange. Royal Enforcer Christopher reported that the conflict caused 
several casualties; some troops died in action and others from their wounds. He was emotional 
and furious with the combat medic department since the losses could have been avoided if they 
had responded quickly. He requests the council to provide more resources for better combat 
medic training within the military. Would you like to accept this permission from one of your 
Royal Enforcers?_

Based on the evaluation of General Luke in the past military training and exercises, he noticed 
that the army lacked mobility when it came to traveling long distances. He suggested that the 
military should consider building more chariots for the military troops to use during battles and 
conflicts. These chariots would further help the forces transport from one area to another in a 
shorter time. Are you willing to build more chariot cars for military use?_

Blaise, the queen of Ryse's neighboring kingdom, proposes to build a connecting path to mobilize 
and improve the trading of resources between kingdoms. In the letter she gave you, she enthusiastically 
discussed that her proposition would help efficiently collect resources and improve the relationship 
between the two territories. Would you write her back and accept the proposal?_

In the southern part of Ryse, a kingdom is known for its big battleships and talented sailors. 
Its people are known as the Mudoskanians and are believed to be the mighty conquerors of the 
seven seas. Unfortunately, a recent tsunami brought chaos into their kingdom and devastated 
them as they witnessed their ships being carried towards the ocean. The kingdom's ruler 
sought help from various domains, but no one was willing to help. As he presents himself in 
front of you and your throne, pleading for alliance in exchange for the survival of his people, 
he also promises to support Ryse during battles and wars. Would you be helping the Mudoskanians 
rebuild their lives and kingdom?_

Your kingdom is known to be surrounded by a lot of forests. Up North, the famous Shadeev forest 
is estimated to house 2000 trees and serves as the kingdom's primary source of wood. The king 
of Azlamazo, a kingdom rich in earth metals, took an interest in Ryse's abundant hardwood 
resource and proposed a joint project with you as its ruler. Azlamazo's king suggested that both 
your kingdom and his would make an effort to mass produce battle weapons in exchange for cutting 
down 40 percent of the trees in Shadeev Forest. If you agreed, 50 percent of the battle weapons 
made would be given to Ryse. Would you accept the proposal of Azlamazo's king and consent to the 
joint project?_

The knights that the past ruler has ordered to go on an expedition around the lands of Myansor 
have come back to report their findings. They proudly told you how their journey went and how they 
found friends on an island they had stayed for five days. The small civilization the knights have 
discovered has taken your interest, and they were known as the Magantos. The knights have also 
stated that the small civilization's survival is at risk because of the inadequate food supply. 
Would you send a message to the Magantos, telling them that you are willing to help them improve 
their civilization survival in exchange for being Ryse's colony? By agreeing with the decision of 
sending a message to the Magantos, you have decided to also send a portion of your kingdom's troops 
as a gift and bribe for them to agree._

The tensions between the kingdom of Aster and Krimula, both of which your kingdom has close relations, 
have gone into turmoil as knights of Krimula independently attacked one of Aster's barracks. To 
retaliate, Aster's ruler sent out an army and ordered them to raid the beautiful towers located on 
the outskirts of Krimula. Aster's ruler wrote a message to you and asked for your aid to once and 
all destroy the beautiful kingdom of Krimula. Would you aid and side with the kingdom of Aster?_

Famine ravaged a nearby kingdom's population as the bandits calling themselves Mesozanians started 
a fire to various farmlands, which turned the abundant crops of potatoes and rice into ashes. Would 
you be so kind to spare a portion of Ryse's food supply to help the affected kingdom get through 
the famine they are experiencing?_

It was reported that thirty of your miners have been trapped in the skull cavern while they were 
gathering a lot of precious ingots and gold. Swiftly asking the kingdom of Aster for Help, they 
agreed to join the rescue mission only if they would receive 35 percent of the ingots the miners 
have gathered. Would you be willing to make a deal with the kingdom of Aster?_

The ruler of Krimula personally visited you in your kingdom today. He was eager to talk to you 
about diplomatic topics. Specifically, he was thinking of making a treaty that would enable merchants 
to set up their stores inside the kingdoms. He emphasized that this would help in strengthening 
the relationship between Krimula and Ryse. It would also make other materials or items easier 
to access for your people and their people. But to be able to successfully set up stores and make 
the treaty possible, the ruler of Krimula emphasized the need for both kingdoms to provide a 
little space for the merchants to sell and trade. Would you take part in signing the treaty or would 
you reject the diplomatic suggestion of the Krimula's ruler?_

Air pollution is an environmental issue that affects not only Ryse but its neighboring kingdoms. 
Over the decades, the temperature rise and prolonged droughts have devastated livelihoods and survival 
of people. Disasters such as tsunamis and typhoons have also intensified. The main contributor to air 
pollution is charcoal. Being a material that is overly used by kingdoms to process materials, it must 
be lessened. Henry together with his wife Averrel, king and queen of Azurasa, invited other kingdom 
rulers into a meeting. The aim of the meeting is to unite kingdoms in combating the environmental 
issue of air pollution. Sean and Averrel were emphasizing that kingdoms would have to provide resources 
and share materials if the issue wants to be solved. Would you attend the meeting and join the other 
kingdoms in combatting the issue of air pollution?_

One of the weakest parts of Ryse is the absence of seaports which limits the trade and mobility of 
the kingdom. Numerous reports were addressed to the council of Ryse that the seaports must be built 
so the kingdom could be open to easier trading with other kingdoms and make visitations of foreign 
rulers easier rather than using chariots. Although building a seaport does open the kingdom to make 
relations with other faraway kingdoms, it is costly and requires a lot of materials such as wood. 
Would you still insist on building a seaport for the kingdom?_

The kingdom's scholars of Alchemy, more famously known as the Pyres, have discovered 
an effective method of cleaning the polluted bodies of water surrounding the territory. 
By using sugarcane together with dried bamboo husks, the salt concentration of water 
can be lowered. The Pyres suggested that it is an excellent way of preserving the 
condition of the land. Still, the materials needed to cure the pollution are already 
reserved for other essential uses, such as making paper and wines, which are traded to 
other kingdoms for strong earth metals. The metals are then used to construct swords 
for the kingdom's warriors. Should the Pyres proceed in treating the waters surrounding 
the territory and use the supply of sugarcanes/Dried Bamboo Husks?_

The demand for food around the kingdom has increased over the past few years. The production 
of meat has helped compensate for the high need for these kinds of resources. However, some 
of your advisors think this production would not be enough as the demands are expected to 
increase further in the next few years. Pigs are one of the primary sources of meat around 
the Kingdom. Would you like to expand the farming space for pigs?_

Jizelle is one of the inhabitants of a nearby village just outside Ryse. She visited your 
kingdom to tell you that the other villagers were willing to join your kingdom in exchange 
for maintaining their community's well-known Terrace which is known to produce tons of rice 
that other kingdoms take interest in and trade with. Recently, their village got under 
attack by a bunch of bandits which call themselves Mesozanians. The bandits took control 
of the village while the villagers ran for their survival. Would you help Jizelle and the 
other villagers to cast the bandits out of their village so that the beautiful terraces would 
be maintained and be a part of your kingdom?_

Based on the reports of the kingdom's scholars, much known as the Pyres, the deforestation 
activity of the kingdom has taken a great toll as wood became the primary source for charcoal. 
Often used to smelt ores and provide heat during the winter season, charcoal is an integral 
part of the kingdom's welfare. Sadly, the frequency of deforestation activities made a large 
gap between the time it takes for trees to regrow and how many trees are being taken down. 
What the Pyres suggested was to first rehabilitate the forests where loggers chop down trees 
by replanting and stop the operations so that the area could rejuvenate its resources. But by 
taking the advice of the Pyres the economy and resources of the kingdom would be affected. 
Would you consider the advice of the Pyres?_

Local farmers in the kingdom are facing a disastrous situation as their tilled lands have 
slowly degraded due to the limited amount of land they could plant crops. As stated by Avereal, 
one of the well-known farmers in the kingdom, the continuous plantation of crops has exhausted 
the nutrients in the soil which makes it unusable. Thankfully, the kingdom's alchemists (The Pyres) 
have researched and formed a fertilizer in the past that could easily return the soil to its 
best condition. All it takes to produce the fertilizer is a bunch of salt minerals, egg, vinegar, 
and coffee beans. The materials would be mixed together and heated at a high temperature. Should 
you request the Pyres to mass produce fertilizers for the farmers to use so that the condition of 
the kingdom's food supplies remains unaffected?_

Farmers in the kingdom are requesting to have a better irrigation system making use of drainages 
and proper water pathways so that the quality of lands and crops produced would be consistent. 
The farmers suggested using metal pipes so it would not entirely change the terrain of their 
farmlands. Through the help of Ryse's blacksmiths, iron ingots could be turned into pipes and 
improve the agricultural sector of the kingdom. Would you take the opportunity to improve or 
install irrigation systems on the kingdom's large farmlands so they would not be affected during 
droughts and desertification?_

The increased frequency of droughts the kingdom is experiencing in the past decade and the 
deteriorating quality of crops produced by farmers is due to the heavily polluted air of the 
area caused by the continuous burning of charcoal. The council of the kingdom is deciding 
whether to limit coal usage in the kingdom or to just leave the situation be since the process 
of burning charcoal is integral to the production of economic and military needs of the kingdom. 
Would you order the kingdom to limit its coal usage even though it would make a great impact 
on the welfare of the people?_

The council of your own kingdom presented a plan to make large artificial ponds so fishing 
could be easier and environmentally friendly. As the council members have reported, the 
contamination of nearby shores is a byproduct of dynamite fishing which is a common practice 
by fishermen. The residue of gunpowder pollutes the water and seeps into the soil but it makes 
the local fisheries in the kingdom run their business and make the food supply staple. Would 
you approve the plan of the council and make an artificial pond?_

The Kingdom of Ryse is vulnerable to landslides and soil erosion. Based on its geography, 
the far right of the kingdom extends to the mountainous terrain of Asgoft. Architects and 
Engineers of the kingdom have suggested over the years to build a brace around the outer side 
of Asgoft mountain. But the construction has always been postponed or canceled due to the 
longevity and enormous amount of materials needed. Would you finally consider the construction 
of proper bracing around the areas where soil erosion could potentially originate?_

General Luke, one of the greatest tacticians in the kingdom, wants to map out the nearby 
forests, mountains, and bodies of water so that the kingdom could fully understand its 
surroundings. He would like to request a small portion of the knights to protect him and 
help him map out the areas which he thinks would be useful for the kingdom. Would you order 
General Luke to Map out the nearby terrains and territories of the kingdom?_