As you go through the white thick curtains and stepped outside the highest balcony in
the tower dressed with an expensive mantle, you glimpsed through the very large crowd
which quickly applauded and repeatedly shouted "All hail the new majesty!" as if your
presence was the very manifestation of God's chosen one. One of the kingdom's
counselors approached you and told you that your subjects have been anticipating your
arrival since dawn. Indeed! you identified the large crowd before you as your loyal
subjects and the citizens of Ryse Kingdom. The leader of the kingdom's council,
Richard, started the ceremony with a speech.

Richard: My dear followers of Ryse, we are all gathered here today to witness the new
ruler of the kingdom. That in him, our beloved home would be protected from the threats
of this world as the Gods have promised. That in him, we would thrive and reach the
utopia that we always garnered for. For the next 60 days, the king would have to make
critical decisions that would influence our very lives. Let us lift our prayers and make a
promise that we would support our new ruler in every choice he makes. That the
kingdom's welfare (Health and Happiness of People), resources (Materials and supplies
of the kingdom), military (Power and Strength of the kingdom's army), politics (Relation
and Cooperation with foreign lands), and geography (Environmental Condition of the
kingdom) would prove to be safe in the hands of thy majesty. Let us welcome with
applause and with great royalty the new ruler of Ryse!

You stepped with confidence, as it was indeed the Gods who have chosen and
challenged you to guide the kingdom of Ryse for a sixty days. That in each day, thou
shall promise not to be rash but careful in improving the flourishing kingdom. As you
hear the applause and chant of your subjects getting louder and louder, you responded
by giving your oaths to be one of the best rulers the kingdom of Ryse would ever have.
Your inauguration as the new king has come to an end, you spent the whole night
celebrating inside the palace and being determined to fulfill the expectations of your
subjects._